Fix documentation sur PHP (#22)
wamiz/manala-recipes: symfony-app.docker-hybrid/README.md

> ln -s /opt/homebrew/Cellar/pcre2/$(brew list --versions pcre2 | cut -d ' ' -f2)/include/pcre2.h /opt/homebrew/Cellar/php/$(brew list --versions php@8.2 | cut -d ' ' -f2)/include/php/ext/pcre/pcre2.h
> ```

> > If you have this error on `symfony pecl install {redis,apcu,imagick}` :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you have the following error while running `symfony pecl install {redis,apcu,imagick}` :
```

Reviewer 2: `s/while/after/`
`s/ :/:/`

et rajouter le `**Warning**` (voir le bloc précédent)

> ```shell
> Ignoring installed package pecl/redis
> Ignoring installed package pecl/apcu
> Ignoring installed package pecl/imagick
> Nothing to install
> ```

> > But the make app.update tells you that you don't have that in your configuration, replace install with upgrade : 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> But the make app.update tells you that you don't have that in your configuration, replace the `install` argument with `upgrade` : 
```

Reviewer 2: Cette documentation ne devrait pas être aware du `make app.update`, c'est quelque chose d'interne à Wamiz.
